docs: Add Quality page (#9099)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/dev/s2-docs/pages/react-aria/concepts.mdx

import {Layout} from '../../src/Layout';
export default Layout;

export const section = 'Guides';
export const description = 'Learn about Accessibility, Internationalization, and Interactions in React Aria';

# Concepts

<PageDescription>React Aria is built around three core principles: **Accessibility**, **Internationalization**, and **Interactions**. Together, these ensure that every component you build works for everyone, everywhere, and on every device.</PageDescription>

## Accessibility

Accessible applications are usable by everyone, including people with disabilities. Accessibility benefits all users — not just those using assistive technologies — by improving efficiency, consistency, and usability.

React Aria provides built-in support for screen readers and keyboard navigation, following the [WAI-ARIA](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.2/) and [ARIA Authoring Practices](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/) guidelines. It supplies the correct semantics via ARIA roles and attributes, handles keyboard and pointer events, manages focus, and provides screen reader announcements. React Aria components are tested across a wide variety of devices, browsers, and screen readers.

> You’re responsible for providing meaningful labels and ensuring your visual design supports all users. This includes designing with sufficient [color contrast](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/non-text-contrast) and [hit target sizes](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/target-size-enhanced), including visible [focus rings](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/focus-appearance), respecting [motion preferences](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/animation-from-interactions), and more. The [WCAG guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/) are a good resource to reference when designing and building components with React Aria.

Reviewer: Maybe a less harsh intro to this paragraph, such as "While we can handle a lot, there are still steps you must take to complete an accessible experience..."

Reviewer: Or maybe a slight change to how the paragraphs are introduced, like 

```
We:
do x, y, z

You:
do a, b, c
```

Added this option because I think this is the flow I think you're going for, but it took reading a few sections to understand that. I'd love it if we knew in the first paragraph so that I know to keep an eye out for what's expected of me.

So even if you don't change how the paragraphs are introduced, maybe a sentence at the top saying, "This page will cover what we do as well as what is expected of you for each concept" (needs work, but general gist)

<TextField>
  {/*- begin highlight -*/}
  <Label>First name</Label>
  {/*- end highlight -*/}
  <Input />
</TextField>
```

When a component doesn't have a visible label, it must have an [aria-label](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-label) or [aria-labelledby](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-labelledby) prop to provide an accessible name.

```tsx
import {ProgressBar} from 'react-aria-components';

<ProgressBar
  /*- begin highlight -*/
  aria-label="Processing" />
  /*- end highlight -*/
```

### Supported screen readers

React Aria is tested across a variety of devices, browsers, and screen readers.

* [VoiceOver on macOS](https://www.apple.com/accessibility/mac/vision/) in Safari and Chrome
* [JAWS](https://www.freedomscientific.com/products/software/jaws/) on Windows in Firefox and Chrome
* [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org) on Windows in Firefox and Chrome
* [VoiceOver on iOS](https://www.apple.com/accessibility/iphone/vision/)
* [TalkBack](https://www.android.com/accessibility/) on Android in Chrome

### Automated testing

> Automated accessibility testing tools sometimes catch false positives in React Aria. These are documented in our [wiki](https://github.com/adobe/react-spectrum/wiki/Known-accessibility-false-positives). Use the rules below to ignore these issues in your own testing tools, such as in the [Storybook test runner](https://storybook.js.org/docs/7.1/react/writing-tests/accessibility-testing#a11y-config-with-the-test-runner) or [Storybook a11y addon](https://storybook.js.org/docs/7.1/react/writing-tests/accessibility-testing#global-a11y-configuration).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Automated accessibility testing tools sometimes catch false positives in React Aria. These are documented in our [wiki](https://github.com/adobe/react-spectrum/wiki/Known-accessibility-false-positives). Use the rules below to ignore these issues in your own testing tools, such as in the [Storybook test runner](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-tests/integrations/test-runner) or [Storybook a11y addon](https://storybook.js.org/addons/@storybook/addon-a11y).
```

```tsx
{
  rules: [
    {
      id: 'aria-hidden-focus',

>       selector: 'body *:not([data-a11y-ignore="aria-hidden-focus"])'

Reviewer: I don't know of any others and i didn't find anything in a quick search
